public/raw/home-intro.md, before:

# Home Intro

---
Type: page
Date: 2026-01-10
---

An open-source publishing framework built for AI agents and developers to ship **[docs](/docs)**, or **[blogs](/blog)** or **[websites](/)**.

Write markdown, sync from the terminal. **[Fork it](https://github.com/waynesutton/markdown-site)**, customize it, ship it.

<!-- This is a comments
Your content is instantly available to browsers, LLMs, and AI
agents. -->

## Features

**AI agent integration** — API endpoints, raw markdown files, skills.md and MCP server included.

**File-based publishing** — Write markdown locally, content syncs everywhere with version control.

**URL content import** — Import urls to scrape any webpage into markdown with Firecrawl.

**Newsletter automation** — Built-in subscription forms and admin dashboard powered by AgentMail.

**Multiple output formats** — JSON via API endpoints, raw .md files, and RSS feeds.

**Real-time team sync** — Multiple developers run npm run sync from different machines.

**Sync Commands** - Sync discovery commands to update AGENTS.md, CLAUDE.md, and llms.txt

**Semantic search** - Find content by meaning, not just keywords.

**Ask AI** - Chat with your site content. Get answers with sources.

Commit message:

new: npx create-markdown-sync CLI , ui , related post thumbnails features

public/raw/home-intro.md, after:

# Home Intro

---
Type: page
Date: 2026-01-11
---

The open-source markdown publishing framework for developers and AI agents to ship **[docs](/docs)**, or **[blogs](/blog)** or **[websites](/)** that's always in sync.

**[Fork it](https://github.com/waynesutton/markdown-site)** or npm <span class="copy-command">npx create-markdown-sync my-site</span>, customize it, ship it.

<!-- This is a comments
Your content is instantly available to browsers, LLMs, and AI
agents. -->

## Features

**AI agent integration** — API endpoints, raw markdown files, skills.md and MCP server included.

**File-based publishing** — Write markdown locally, content syncs everywhere with version control.

**URL content import** — Import urls to scrape any webpage into markdown with Firecrawl.

**Newsletter automation** — Built-in subscription forms and admin dashboard powered by AgentMail.

**Multiple output formats** — JSON via API endpoints, raw .md files, and RSS feeds.

**Real-time team sync** — Multiple developers run npm run sync from different machines.

**Sync Commands** - Sync discovery commands to update AGENTS.md, CLAUDE.md, and llms.txt

**Semantic search** - Find content by meaning, not just keywords.

**Ask AI** - Chat with your site content. Get answers with sources.

```

```
